Update tracer startup logs link to correct page (#9877)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/_index.md

## Confirm APM setup and Agent status

> During startup, Datadog tracing libraries emit logs that reflect the configurations applied in a JSON object, as well as any errors encountered, including if the Agent can be reached in languages where this is possible.  Some languages require these startup logs to be enabled via the environment variable `DD_TRACE_STARTUP_LOGS=true`.  For more information on startup logs, see the [dedicated page][2] to start your troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During startup, Datadog tracing libraries emit logs that reflect the configurations applied in a JSON object, as well as any errors encountered, including if the Agent can be reached in languages where this is possible. Some languages require these startup logs to be enabled with the environment variable `DD_TRACE_STARTUP_LOGS=true`. For more information on startup logs, see the [dedicated page][2] for troubleshooting.
```

    This allows us to confirm errors and attempt to reproduce your issues within our testing environments.

> 2. **[Tracer Startup Logs](#confirm-apm-setup-and-agent-status)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **[Tracer startup logs](#confirm-apm-setup-and-agent-status)**
```

    This allows us to confirm errors and attempt to reproduce your issues within our testing environments.

> 2. **[Tracer Startup Logs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/troubleshooting/tracer_startup_logs/)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **[Tracer Startup Logs](#confirm-apm-setup-and-agent-status)**
```
